[Music]
17 ingenious ways to reuse plastic
bottles everyone deserves a second
chance everyone including your used
plastic bottle let it become something
new and something useful bright side
search yielded these 17 fantastic ideas
plus one cool bonus you'll be shocked by
the downright practicality of hack
number 5 number 17
phone charge holder number 17 is
essential to anyone who has a cell phone
reduce the times your communication
social media work tool gets on the floor
to zero with a cool phone charger holder
a lotion bottle a mustard bottle a hair
spray or shampoo bottle will do just
fine its flattened shape will keep the
bottle closer to the wall and out of the
way once a cell phone is placed inside
make sure to find the bottle of the
right size wash out the former content
cut out the shape you want it to be sand
the surface of the whole thing pick the
fabric you want to decorate it with wrap
it up and carefully stick it around your
holder with Mod Podge or some other glue
make sure the edge of your holder looks
good all around with no straight threads
that's it your phone will say thank you
[Music]
number 16 a lid for plastic bags that
annoying feeling when you are trying to
untie the knot you made yourself in a
plastic bag to keep the content safe and
you end up just cutting it or tearing it
apart sound familiar
make a plastic bag sealer to say no to
impossible knots cut off the top portion
of a plastic bottle that has a large
wide opening place the open bag through
the opening fold it over and screw on
the lid
you can now seal your plastic bags
multiple times number-15
bottle bag if you have kids your house
is always filled with joy and toys you
have toys scattered on the floor you
find them in your bed and sometimes even
in your food
say goodbye to Legos in your salad give
them all a new home a large water bottle
can be easily turned into a bag for
small toys cut the top of the bottle add
handles decorate it with tape lace
stickers or whatever your heart desires
and play the game of who will put all
the toys in the container first there
you go
toy mess is no longer number 14 cell
phone loudspeaker do you want to get
your party started in an eco-friendly
way make a speaker for your phone out of
recycled materials to amplify sounds
this idea doesn't require a ton of time
and skill to accomplish take two bottles
and a toilet paper roll cut the bottles
in half you will need the bottom parts
then cut holes in them as large as the
size of the roll cut out a hole in the
roll to fit the size of your phone stick
the roll in the bottles and then stick
your phone inside the roll enjoy the
results partying it up number 13
sponge holder anyone who has ever had to
do the dishes will appreciate this
double bottom sponge holder it takes
just a few minutes to make one for
yourself draw an imaginary line on your
plastic container and cut it into two
parts the lower part should be the
bigger one put the upper section inside
the bigger one upside down creating a
funnel for all the unwanted water to
leak into your sponge will be dry and
fresh and your chores will be more
enjoyable
[Music]
number 12 finger guard many of us enjoy
cooking but hardly anyone likes their
fingers cut during the process
keep them safe by making this mini guard
cut a shield shaped piece out of your
plastic bottle make four little openings
on the reverse side of the shield to
attach an elastic band to hold you to
fingers and keep them protected during
cooking number eleven quick
tea infuser remember that sponge holder
we made the same technique will get you
a tea infuser no drop will be lost with
this easy yet genius device coming up
next a mini greenhouse a yolk separator
and a shovel
keep watching and you will love it
[Music]
number 10
funny pencil holder are you looking for
the best way to organize your kids pens
and pencils you found it use acrylic
paint some markers and a sponge to turn
a plastic bottle into a cute and funny
pencil holder here's how to make the
funny bunny one for starters take a
marker and draw the outline of the
future holder and cut it out keep it as
neat as possible cover the bottle with
white or black or pink be creative paint
using the sponge use a brush for
painting smaller details such as eyes
nose and ears and maybe some whiskers
look at how cute your bunny is the pens
and pencils are now in good paws number
9 flowerpots your potted plants deserve
a beautiful home just as much as you do
Surprise them with a new creative
flowerpot paint it spray it cut some
lace out of it or wrap it in fabric the
sky is the limit to your creativity make
your own one in less than 10 minutes to
create a legit vase for example use a
plastic bottle and an old CD merge them
with glue spray a gold or silver or
whatever color your heart desires and
you're done
[Music]
number eight mini greenhouse you can
turn your soda bottle into a mini
greenhouse to protect young plants from
cold and drought use two bottles one
should be slightly wider than the other
if possible carefully cut the top off
the thinner bottle as straight and clean
as possible use hot glue to attach the
opening of the bottle top you just cut
to the bottom of the remainder of the
bottle this will form a vase like base
for your mini greenhouse smooth any
rough edges so that it sits evenly on a
table make the lid for the greenhouse by
cutting the top off of the wider bottle
the top of this bottle then becomes a
lid for the thinner bottle to which you
glue the base don't forget to add proper
growing materials to the bottom of your
greenhouse number seven garden sprinkler
when your regular garden sprinkler is
broken a plastic bottle is the best way
to solve the problem
Pierce dots in lines on the bottle take
it outside but a garden hose inside and
attach it with tape place it where you
want it to be there you are
number six mudguard not all bikes come
with fenders but they can be really
handy to have turn to plastic bottles
and a hanger into bicycle fenders here's
how to do it
leave two pieces with the curve of the
bottle uncut so that you will have the
two ends of the fender cut out the big
piece and use it to make small
rectangular shaped pieces with cuts copy
the shape you see in the picture slide
the narrower end of each one of them
inside the cut of the next continue
doing it until you have the length too
over almost half the wheel open two
holes on the small side whilst holding
the two pieces of the plastic together
and tie them together with a small wire
a small piece of the plastic stripe from
the bottle will make a perfect
stabilizer for the inside end of the
fender rack the fit wire from a metal
hanger around the rare triangle of the
end of the rack
make sure to properly adjust it in three
places right and left of the fender and
under the horizontal metal bar strap it
with wire or rope and you are done
number five
camera lens protection if you ever lost
your camera lens cab you know how
expensive it is to replace it good news
is a plastic bottle can be of help just
find the right size one for your lens
cut it and use the smaller bottom part
as your new lens cover your camera will
pay you back in good colorful shots
number four faucet extender another
ingenious way to use an empty shampoo
bottle is to extend a faucet so you can
reach the water without splashing it all
over the sink cut a hole around the cap
of the bottle a second hole around the
base and a third shaped hole through the
center now slip the bottle over the
faucet to extend the water flow number
three yolk separator we made it to our
top three here is a useful kitchen trick
you'll love from now on you will
separate yolks from whites like a chef
the method is simple crack an egg into a
bowl squeeze an empty plastic water
bottle slightly and place the bottle
opening over the yolk when you release
your grip the yolk is sucked inside
separating itself from the white squeeze
the yolk into another bowl and you're
done
number two shovel it only takes a minute
to turn a milk jug into a shovel draw a
shovel shape onto the milk jug with the
permanent marker use the photo as your
basic guide cut along the marker lines
until the shovel comes out of the jug
[Music]
number one phone cover to go if you love
cycling but can't imagine a minute
without your phone take it with you but
don't forget to protect it all you need
to do is cut the top off a plastic
bottle and cut a slit down one side to
leave room for your smartphone's mount
for extra protection seal it with a
plastic bag to mud and rain are no
longer a threat to your gadget
[Music]
here is a bonus a plastic wait for it
boat you'll need to stack up enough
bottles and get an adhesive gun start by
gluing bottles side by side in neat
sections to create the deck once these
parts are glued allow the adhesive to
cure according to the instructions on
the tube while you're waiting for them
to cure you can begin assembling the
next layer of the boat which will act as
the hull then start gluing them and to
end place a big blob of adhesive in the
bottom of each bottle and squished it
caps of the adjoining section into it
follow this highly technical diagram to
locate the bottles correctly once the
base layer is cure begin gluing the
second layer on top of it these bottles
should be glued into the shallow V
between each bottle of the base layer
this second layer acts as the bottom of
the boat and gives it a rough hull shape
next make the seat you will need to
construct a 2 by 11 section of bottles
and glue it in position on top of the
larger layer of bottles finally you must
construct the gunwales the gunwales are
the railings that go around the edge of
the boat glue two rows of bottles
side-by-side around the edges of the
largest layer being sure to gently curve
them to a point at the bow and stern
your boat is ready and calling for
adventure are you visiting our channel
for the first time then click Subscribe
and give thumbs up join us on the bright
side of life
[Music]